Hi, Have you ever heard of a Storing data like images, music etc on bitcoin blocks, looks intresting Right? Yeah it is true few months back a project known as ordinals came into light. It is like a runestone in crypto space. This project allows  inscribing data into block of bitcoin. This block cannot be erased it is more like a part of History of bitcoin. This started a new trend in crypto industry. Many people started onboarding into ordinals as  the time passes on. I also inscribed an ordinal 47K inscription. It feels proud to be a part of early ordinal. After Few months new Token standard is added to the ordinals, It is known as runes. 


During launch of runes everyone are very excited about new future of bitcoin. Then an annocement hit the ordinal market. It is from the Leonidas, He announced an airdrop of ordinal known as RUNESTONE. This ordinal made its grand entry with hitting $5000 per Runestone. Most of the people sold it for good profits. I think this is what makes crypto unpredictable. Then second announcement from Leonidas stated “wallets holding runestone during snapshot will be rewarded with DOG rune. All this happened just before the launch of runes. 

Many projects stated that they are going to mint the first rune of Runes protocol. Someone smiled from the corner. On the launch day everyone are curious for the first mint of runes. Then the block of excitement 840,000 hit the mempool. Few minutes later everyone are shocked by the results. The ticker named DOG.GO.TO.THE.MOON was inscribed as the first rune. Other projects spend great money for first mint with no strategy. Leonidas then congratulated runestone holders stating “we have inscribed the first rune”. In few days the DOG was airdrop to the holders with a spot value of $5000. Next day every other new projects started to announce to airdrop to runestone holder. It looks God is showering the bliss in the from of runes. 

Top Inscribed rune Decentralized also announced airdrop to Runestone Holders. That day “this stone of history became a stone of future” in runes protocol. No one expected the huge boom the rune protocol. Everyone started buying DOG and other runes. DOG was making ATH day after day. DOG was at 900M marketcap in no time without any DEX listings. Next day it went 980M marketcap so close to 1Billion. All of sudden it started correcting. Next day to went to 700M, then 450M. Everyone lost their hopes and thought this is the end . Today the same DOG bounced back to 990M marketcap breaking its previous ATH. This is crypto, the game of hopes and fear. I was one of those who hold Runestone and  received DOG airdrop. This is a stort story of ordinals.
